Add support for apiOptions - language & region (#148)
Tintef/react-google-places-autocomplete: docs/docs/props.md

If this parameter is passed, the component will inject the [Google Maps JavaScript API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/) usign this `apiKey`. So there's no need to manually add the `script` tag to yout HTML document.

## `apiOptions`

> Autocompletion request object to add restrictions to the search. Let's see the shape this prop can take:

Reviewer: Can you update this text so it's not the same as the other prop?

Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
Object to configure the google script to inject. Let's see the shape this prop can take:
```

```tsx
export interface ApiOptions {
  language?: string;
  region?: string;
}
```

Here's an example on how to use it:

```jsx

> <GooglePlacesAutocomplete
>   apiOptions={{ language: 'fr', region: 'fr' }}
> />

Reviewer: What do you think about adding `apiKey` here? So it's more explicit that this will only work if the apiKey prop is passed as well
```suggestion
<GooglePlacesAutocomplete
  apiKey="***************"
  apiOptions={{ language: 'fr', region: 'fr' }}
/>
```
